README.md, before:

# Workshop 3 preparation 

## Workshop #1 materials - Ignore this if you have attended workshop #1
Please go through the materials covered in workshop #1: [https://github.com/TechLadies/workshop-1-materials](https://github.com/TechLadies/workshop-1-materials)

## Workshop #2 materials - Ignore this if you have attended workshop #2
Please go through the instructions here: [https://github.com/huijing/guess-the-number-sinatra](https://github.com/huijing/guess-the-number-sinatra)

You can find the slides here: [https://www.chenhuijing.com/slides/tl-workshop-2/#/](https://www.chenhuijing.com/slides/tl-workshop-2/#/)

Additional learning resources:
* [https://www.codecademy.com/learn/web](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/web)
* [https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304)

## Now don't ignore this. 
This section assumes that you have set up all that is needed from workshop #1 and #2 mentioned above. You must have [Nitrous](https://www.nitrous.io/) (if VM does not work on your laptop), [GitHub](https://github.com) and [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com) accounts created.

For workshop #3, you will need to follow the steps on Nitrous. If VM works on your machine, you do not need to do this. 

1. Click on the Dashboard link in the top left corner to return to the Dashboard, then click on the Plus icon to create a new project.
2. Name your project, and choose the **Ruby on Rails** template, then click the Create Project button. This will take some time to complete.

Additional resources (optional):
* [Deploying to Heroku with Git](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kVtmnZNC8w)
* [https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git)
* [https://www.codeschool.com/courses/rails-for-zombies-redux](https://www.codeschool.com/courses/rails-for-zombies-redux)
* [https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-rails](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-rails)

Commit message:

Added slides and to delete existing workspace

README.md, after:

# Workshop 3 preparation 

## Workshop #1 materials - Ignore this if you have attended workshop #1
Please go through the materials covered in workshop #1: [https://github.com/TechLadies/workshop-1-materials](https://github.com/TechLadies/workshop-1-materials)

## Workshop #2 materials - Ignore this if you have attended workshop #2
Please go through the instructions here: [https://github.com/huijing/guess-the-number-sinatra](https://github.com/huijing/guess-the-number-sinatra)

You can find the slides here: [https://www.chenhuijing.com/slides/tl-workshop-2/#/](https://www.chenhuijing.com/slides/tl-workshop-2/#/)

Additional learning resources:
* [https://www.codecademy.com/learn/web](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/web)
* [https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304)

## Now don't ignore this. 
This section assumes that you have set up all that is needed from workshop #1 and #2 mentioned above. You must have [Nitrous](https://www.nitrous.io/) (if VM does not work on your laptop), [GitHub](https://github.com) and [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com) accounts created.

For workshop #3, you will need to follow the steps on Nitrous. If VM works on your machine, you do not need to do this. 

1. If you have an existing workspace on Nitrous, you need to delete it. (Note: Do remember to push your source code to a public Github repository before you delete your workspace!)
2. Click on the Dashboard link in the top left corner to return to the Dashboard, then click on the Plus icon to create a new project.
3. Name your project, and choose the **Ruby on Rails** template, then click the Create Project button. This will take some time to complete.

Here is the link to the workshop slides (it's not completed yet, so download or refer to the slides on Sat): [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w5xvd_yRqrVB5ciY_PaH-nyTscoTzu9OX1o62nAOAkU/edit#slide=id.g163d66ef44_0_317](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w5xvd_yRqrVB5ciY_PaH-nyTscoTzu9OX1o62nAOAkU/edit#slide=id.g163d66ef44_0_317)

Additional resources (optional):
* [Deploying to Heroku with Git](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kVtmnZNC8w)
* [https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git)
* [https://www.codeschool.com/courses/rails-for-zombies-redux](https://www.codeschool.com/courses/rails-for-zombies-redux)
* [https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-rails](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-rails)
